Add docs to describe how to install HA katib-controller (#3049)
kubeflow/website: content/en/docs/components/katib/hyperparameter.md

Katib release (e.g. `v0.11.1`), modify `ref=master` to `ref=v0.11.1`.

1. **Katib Standalone Installation**
   
   There are two ways to install Katib by standalone, 
   both of which do not require any additional setup on your Kubernetes cluster.

   1. **Basic Installation**

      Run the following command to deploy Katib with the main components
      (`katib-controller`, `katib-ui`, `katib-mysql`, `katib-db-manager`, and `katib-cert-generator`):

      ```shell
      kubectl apply -k "github.com/kubeflow/katib.git/manifests/v1beta1/installs/katib-standalone?ref=master"
      ```

   2. **Controller Leader Election Support**
    
      Run the following command to deploy Katib with Controller
      [Leader Election](https://kubernetes.io/blog/2016/01/simple-leader-election-with-kubernetes/):

      ```shell
      kubectl apply -k "github.com/kubeflow/katib.git/manifests/v1beta1/installs/katib-leader-election?ref=master"
      ```
      
      This installation is almost the same as `Basic Installation`,

>       although you can make katib-controller High Availability(HA) using leader election.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      although you can make `katib-controller` Highly Available (HA) using leader election.
```

Author: Sounds good, Thanks!

>       If you plan to use Katib in an environment where high SLAs and SLOs are required, 

Reviewer: Let's not use short form for `SLOs` and `SLAs` here, since we don't mentioned about it before.

Author: It makes sense.
